two million fur seals come here to bead
and at the end of summer the beaches are
formed with young pups and their mothers
the pups suckle for four months until
late March that's longer than the fur
seals that live in warmer waters farther
north it's a measure of how strong young
animals have to be if they're to survive
down here
[Applause]
a Papa if it is to get all the milk that
is its to press to recognize its
mother's call when she returns from
feeding at sea and is ready to provide a
few
[Applause]
three months earlier this sure was a
battlefield as the Bulls fought for the
right to dominate a stretch of beach and
all the females on it
now the mating is finished and the Bulls
have gone to see only the pups are left
testing their strength with mock fights
[Music]
many of the youngsters playing here will
not survive their first year the weaker
ones will not get enough food there will
be accidents there will be orphans by
the end of the breeding season corpses
lie scattered over the beach food for
the skewers and the giant petrels
[Music]
you